1. cannot practise when just finish research one skill (newly added skill)
2. lock tradable by level(done)
3. lock skill by level
4. kill and fight
5. job for marriage
6. job for tangshi (done)
7. title system 
title by level
title by job

8. win rate calculation (done)
9. status in fighting list（done）
10。 show team power in fighting
11. set busy
12. poisoned (done)
13. hp bonus same with jingli bonus and stamina bonus when level up（done）
14. company logo
15. add title in player list (done)
16. more eq
木剑，弹弓
17. throwing skill
18. msg not show in summary
19. unasked task number is -1 (done)
20. 连击和破绽反击 (done)
21. training stop when app enter background
22. sometimes msg only get by summary, but no display in floating msg bar
23. skill for modao  
24. shen and mo
25. 幕府任务
26. 玄冰碧火酒
27. fight player to get gold, do quest get equipment
28. shop list UI improve

侠客行是一款新型的手机RPG网游。以虚拟的超时代多种族“江湖”为背景。玩家可以学习和练习技能,与其他玩家切磋或者PK,或者 与NPC作战。
->游戏提供丰富的道具和装备供玩家选择,道具也是任务的重要部分。许多任务是依赖道具的,同时做任务也可以得到许多特殊道具。
->游戏提供丰富的任务系统,开放的情节线索:挖药,送信,运镖。。。任务与任务之间有相关性和依赖性,令人乐此不疲。
->游戏针对网页游戏玩家提供离线练级方式和离线任务。玩家只需要触一下屏开始任务,就可以过任意时间后再回来查看结果。离线任务是和许多玩家自动进行。例如“五毒教任务”,是两队玩家在人数满以后自动运行的战役,结束后两方按战役结果和贡献发送奖励。
->游戏可以组队作战和完成任务。玩家最多可以有八位队友。
->游戏提供主线成就和等级Boss,可以让投入的玩家迅速成长和获得成就。游戏也提供各种不同的职业和成就,可以让不同玩家获得不同的乐趣。

是浪漫江湖,还是铁血生涯, 由你决定!

侠客行是一款新型的手机RPG网游。以虚拟的超时代多种族“江湖”为背景。如果你喜欢无忧无虑的挖药练功PK做任务,这是一款适合你的游戏!
->游戏有强大的战斗系统：支持必杀技，支持破绽反击！连击！支持多人混战模式，擂台模式，支持队友加油和援助暴击！
->游戏提供多达数十种技能，玩家任意选择！
->游戏有丰富的道具和装备供玩家选择.
->游戏提供丰富的任务系统,开放的情节线索:挖药,送信,运镖。。。任务与任务之间有相关性和依赖性,令人乐此不疲。
->游戏针对网页游戏玩家提供离线练级方式和离线任务。玩家只需要触一下屏开始任务,就可以过任意时间后再回来查看结果。离线任务是和许多玩家自动进行。例如“五毒教任务”,是两队玩家在人数满以后自动运行的战役,结束后两方按战役结果和贡献发送奖励。
->晚间可以组队作战和做任务。玩家最多可以有八位队友。现在邀请好友加入你的战队可以获得金疮药钢刀装备等丰厚奖励！
->游戏提供主线成就和等级Boss,可以让投入的玩家迅速成长获得成就感,也提供各种多种职业和成就,可以让不同类型的玩家获得不同的乐趣。

是游戏江湖,还是铁血生涯, 由你决定!

300年以前的古代中国，国家经常陷于混乱, 到处有强盗肆疟, 土匪行凶。
有一群人，他们有高超的武术，超乎常人的毅力和维护正义的信念，他们保护弱小，刺杀贪官恶霸，消灭强盗山贼，他们就是传说中的--"侠客"
但是，很多人有了高超武艺却帮助魔道，欺负百姓和杀害侠客。作为“侠客”的你，起来战斗吧！


In app purchase
1. How to see in app purchase section again
create new iap product
2. How to restore iap product from "developer action needed" to "ready to submit"
change description
3. testing doesn't need iap product be selected in "in app purchase" section


1. Sorry I forgot change the icon. I will change it immediately.

2. The "locked" items is ONLY locked by game level, not by gold or any kind of purchase, and will be unlocked as long as user get to specified level.(Please see attacked screenshot "locked.jpg" and translation). It's very usual in game, e.g. The new plant in game "Plant vs Zombie" or the new magic in game "Samurai vs Zombie". It has nothing to do with gold or any kind of purchase. User's game level is ONLY unlock condition. (The price beside the locked item is the gold number user will use to buy it after it's unlocked, which is same purpose as unlocked item. The price is not for unlocking. The ONLY unlock condition is user's game level. Please see attached screenshot and translation). But anyway, if now this kind of feature is not allowed any more, we can remove it.

3. In fact the "invitation code" is "Team Code", which is the identifier of the team user create in game. When new user create his character with a team code (optional), he will get gift from the team owner. The item that has a question mark is not "locked item", but is a "random item" as gift. Once user join the team and get this gift, then he will see what the item is, which doesn't need "unlock", it just means "random". The Chinese word for the name of the item with question mark means "random". Please see screenshot with translation I attached (dj.fcpqcym1.jpg). Thanks !

4. I'v uploaded screenshots showing how to make purchase in game, Please check it. Thank you !

Please let me know after your reconsideration:
1. Do I have to remove the "locked item" (which is ONLY locked by user's game level ) ?
2. Do I have to remove the "random item" ?
3. Do I have to remove "Team code" ? (Team code is the only way for user to join other's team, if this is not allowed, the whole team features in game will be removed ...)

Thank you very much !

Best Regards,
Ju Weihua